[Add-ins][All hosts] Changed developing office add-ins to right title (#2266)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/set-up-your-dev-environment.md

---
title: Set up your development environment

> description:  'Set up your developer environment to build Office Add-ins' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description:  'Set up your developer environment to build Office Add-ins.'
```

## See also

> - [Develop Office Add-ins](../develop/develop-overview.md)
> - [Core concepts for Office Add-ins](../overview/core-concepts-office-add-ins.md)

Reviewer: Another dupe...
```suggestion
- [Core concepts for Office Add-ins](../overview/core-concepts-office-add-ins.md)
```
